[Music]
well this is the 200 HX metallian
builder invictus and i've been told to
think of it in automotive terms as a
crossover
it's a family boat but also ruggedly put
together for adventurous fishing and
offshore cruising look at this boat you
get a hint that it was inspired by the
military because it's certainly intended
for action this is a very solid gantry
bolster seat at the back you have a twin
sink and a little cooking unit now you
can actually remove this unit and
replace it with the bench you see on the
sister ship next door the 208 checks is
making its world premiere here at the
can boat show
there isn't an engine fitted on this but
they tell me that it would take anything
from a 90 full stroke outboard to 150
they haven't yet worked out how fast it
will go but they think around about 36
knots with a 150 fitted solidly built
and intended as a 4x4 of the Seas prices
for this model start in the shade under
20,000 euros exFAT rising up to about 23
or 24 depending on the engine option and
it looks like it could be back a fun